Game Logics, Ideas, Plans and Rules are as follows:

//We are going to do the canvas implementation fo the game instead of the absolute positioning procedure of the game.


In this game there will be changeble number of players from 2 to 4.
Any player can leave the game when its their turn. 
Die will not roll when there is a possible move for the respective player and he didnt' make any one of such of them also while when the die is alredy moving.
Also the rolling 6 or killing an opponent or alos by sending th token to its own win position leads to an extra turn.
We would make some fixed colors arrangemrnt.
Players will be asked to choose the colors.
There will be a single die for both of them which will be at center.
Alos there will be no doubling/ tripling of coins.
There will be some means by which we will find for a certain die throw will a move exists or not.
Each player would have their own id/key/name.
We will also track the game by means of some variables:
   1. has the player rolled
   2. has the player moved
   3. has the player killed some one's tokens
   4. has the player gone to finish
   5. how many tokens are left
   6. how many tokens are in the locker positioning
   7. whose turn is now
   8. score of each player and score will not be displayed if the player doent exit at all at that position
We will also fix the end points by the scalage of the numbers by the required factor.
We would alos automove if only one token is able to move with the rolled die number.
We will use the both references:
   1. Each and every square will have the information of the tokens it have in it's hand.
   2. Each and every plyer tokens will alos be tracked from the player side.
We will also add the autoplay mode so that we can use that in the how to play section.
We will take the input of the plyers names and will display at their respective token lockers.
We would also keep a die that rolls on tapping or even by shaking the phone if the phone has orientation sensors.
We will draw the game board using the array implementation and the direction of the path of the game using bends..
We would add the sample ludo and the classic ludo game patterns and games.
And the drawing of the game would be by the setInterval method.